Prayers translation (#41)
IllusionMods/KKS-Translation: Translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/action/list/prayinfo/00/00/translation.txt

//
// Dumped for Koikatsu Sunshine v1.0.1 (KoikatsuSunshine) by KKS_TextDump v1.4.5.0
//
あせらず時をまて=Have patience
今は立ち止まり良い時期を待ちましょう。=Stop and wait for a better moment before acting.

> 小利あり=A small fortune

Reviewer: ```suggestion
小利あり=Small Fortune
```

> 小利あり=A small fortune

Reviewer: ```suggestion
小利あり=Small Fortune
```

女の子と行動すれば何かいいことがあるかも。=Something good might happen if you spend time with a girl.
利益たしかなり=Tangible riches
いつもより多く話題が見つかるかも。=More topics can be found than usual.
思うに任す=Follow the heart

> 自分の考えを信じて行動すれば女の子も心を開いてくれるかも。=Do as your heart told and girls might open up their hearts.

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
自分の考えを信じて行動すれば女の子も心を開いてくれるかも。=Listen to your heart and girls might open up theirs.
```

Author: Listen is unclear, original text means imply that you must do/interact in game. Listen doesn't tell the user that they need to do something

Reviewer: `Do as your heart tells you`?

Author: Addressed

> 多くて困ることあり=Too Much Of A Good Thing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
多くて困ることあり=Too Much of a Good Thing
```

待ち人が多くて困ることあり、慎重に行動した方が良い。=Many long for you, be careful with your actions.

> おおいに利あり=A big fortune

Reviewer: ```suggestion
おおいに利あり=Great Fortune
```

エステにて何かいいことが期待できます。=You can expect something good at the salon.
想い人現る=A Lover Appears

> 勇気を振り絞り、告白してみると吉。=Be brave and confess

Reviewer: ```suggestion
勇気を振り絞り、告白してみると吉。=Be Brave and Confess
```
